New data type page: line-width (#44597)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/properties/column-rule-width/index.md

column-rule-width: unset;
```

The `column-rule-width` property is specified as a single `<'line-width'>` value.

### Values

- {{cssxref("line-width")}}

>   - : An explicit non-negative {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} or the keywords `thin`, `medium`, or `thick`, describing the width of the rule. The default is `medium`.

Reviewer: Consistency with all the other cases.

```suggestion
  - : Defines the width of the border, either as an explicit non-negative {{cssxref("&lt;length&gt;")}} or the keywords: `thin`, `medium`, or `thick`. The default is `medium`.
```
